[MUSIC]
>> Lukas: I think I'm
going to do a component.
>> Lukas: So directory,
let's just call this Users.
Why not?
Then we'll just go
users.component.ts.
I'm not going to add this to get,
cuz we'll probably throw it away.
>> Lukas: Go Users, like so.
Import component from.
>> Lukas: Is that
actually picking that up?
>> Lukas: I thought I saw web
store trying to tell me stuff.
As a JavaScript developer,
that is amazing.
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: There's a quick question
about breaking out a component.
If you're to break out a component and
create another component, do you put it
in the same directory or would you create
another directory for a sub component?
>> Lukas: So generally,
I will break it out into a sub directory.
I think for the sake of just speed,
a lot of times I'll leave it in the same
directory, and
then I can go back and re-factor it.
And so I start, I work through the process
of re-factoring through promotion, and
you may have heard me talk about
this at the previous front-end
masters workshop that I did,
but there's not a problem with
starting very local to the problem
that you're trying to solve.
So, if I want to test an idea or
quickly verify something,
I really want that feedback loop.
And so, again, the question is,
what's the fastest possible way I can
get something working so that I can verify
that this idea is where I want to go.
And if I've already established that
pattern, I may just jump a few steps, but
there is nothing wrong for instance,
of when you're building out a component,
stubbing out your sample
data right in the component.
And just say, I don't know what
this thing is gonna look like, so
I'm just gonna create a JSON object or
array, and putting it in there.
And then from there, you verify like okay,
now I've got the layout,
I'm going to extract
this out into a service.
And then the question is,
is this service ever going to
live outside of this component?
If yes, then you can extract it out and
promote it to a common directory.
And then if it's like, well this needs
to be used across multiple projects,
then you break it out into a repo.
So I will oftentimes start as close
to the problem I'm trying to solve
even to where I'll put things
in the same file, initially.
But then I might put it in a folder,
and then once it's verified, and
I want somebody to look at it,
then I would eventually want that
to go in a separate directory.
And so the idea is, when somebody
looks at your file structure,
they have a good sense of what
the module hierarchy is and
the relationship that your
components have, one to another.
A good example of this is Users.
Or rather experiment, is that I was
building out this experiments list and
I realized, hey, I'm using this
experiment details thing a lot.
I'm going to extract that
out into a component.
And so now, it's here.
But let's say I wanted to
search the experiment,
then I would probably create like
an experiments search component.
And that would also live in here,
the experiments folder.
It wouldn't have to go any higher,
because it's specific to that feature.
But when somebody looks at this,
they can very quickly tell the hierarchy.
There is some level of I think
personal preference on this,
into that depending, so basically I
adopt what I called the pants rule.
Is if you're gonna wear pants in your
house, then I'm gonna wear pants in my, or
when I'm at your house, I'll wear pants.
And so in that sense is, if somebody
does it a certain way, I think it's more
important to be consistent than to be
philosophically and religiously right.
So I think I said this earlier, do you
know what's better than being right?
Getting stuff done.
And so, to that is there's some level
where I'll see them like it's probably not
how would I have done it, but
we're not hurting anybody.
Now we're going to decorate it.
Selector.
We'll go with users.
>> Speaker 2: What are valid selectors?
>> Lukas: What's that?
>> Speaker 2: What could we put for
selectors?
Like what are valid selectors that are-
>> Lukas: Whatever you want.
Well, I don't know if you can actually
overwrite native HTML elements,
or there are probably reserved
keywords that you should not do.
You can use pseudo selectors, right?
>> Speaker 2: Like "not", "a"?
>> Lukas: That's a good question.
You know what?
You just inherited the bonus challenge.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: You can use
any valid CSS selector.
>> Lukas: What?
>> Speaker 2: Any valid CSS selector.
>> Lukas: Wait, were you playing with me?
You knew the answer the whole time?
>> Speaker 3: He was setting you up, yeah.
>> Lukas: Man.
Scott.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Lukas: I see what you did there.
>> Speaker 2: I was serving you,
I was waiting for the spike.
>> Lukas: Can't you see
I'm under duress here?
I'm live-coding!
>> Lukas: Okay so, class,
import, decorator.
>> Lukas: Let's see if I
can do something with this.
>> Lukas: Import, Users.
>> Lukas: If I get out of this alive,
I will be so happy.
>> Lukas: Here we go, and
this is actually important.
Now that we want to use the UsersComponent
within our HomeComponent,
you need to define this as
a directive dependency.
And so we'll just go users.
If you do not do this,
nothing will happen, and
you'll be left in a state of quandary,
like what's the deal?
More often than not,
it's because you forgot to add your
dependency within your metadata.
So now that I have this,
let's go over here
>> Lukas: And.
>> Lukas: Yeah.
What do you think, Scott?
Do you think it's gonna work?
Of course he does.
He does have faith.
>> Lukas: We are the champions of
the world, see this right here?
Yeah.
Let me just go back, I feel like I
really didn't sell that appropriately.
>> Lukas: All right everybody in the chat
room, you might wanna sit down for this.
Man, this is amazing!
And then from there, we could enhance it.